we're an entrepreneur extraordinaire
Daymond John ventures nothing
I know you've heard it all when it comes
to new products so what are some of the
keys to a successful ditch uh you know
what I think is resonating with the
person that you're pitching to I think
it's being able to say what it is in a
very short period of time how I can make
money how about that movie doing yes
welcome time attach our pitching skills
so we'll be on one side of the wall with
some random items and at the sound of
the bell we'll do our best to describe
the item and you have to guess oh you
made me nervous that way oh don't you
love it oh now if you're correct really
go so and move on to the next night so
Damon are you ready to play everything
must go already
all right you ready ready set
okay well it's neon and Venus and Serena
made a lot of coin off it is mole thing
oh another word for our crown little
girls wear it on top of their head
[Applause]
referees use it a lot whistle okay every
woman needs this it's the perfect
accessory to go with their outfit she
carries your lipgloss or cell phone
everything goes in it you might hold it
for your gentleman possible and we put
it around your waist it's a toy for some
kids but it also can be a Fitness odd
thing for women and they put it on their
way and they swivel swivel
[Music]
he's good you need this very essential
for you to sign your big old checks with
[Music]
okay you can play these it rhymes with
congos another word for drums oh it's
not plastic but you put groceries in it
oh you use a paper bag yeah okay I don't
know anything about this game but it's
really important and there's guys and
they go hut-one hut-two and they run
around the green thing and then they
yell touchdown and lines probably check
you out the tight end and
[Applause]
you bought nine items total so I think
that's pretty good right yeah the rest
of you make sure you have some fun and
buy your own air of son stashes glasses
and also amp up your workout with Titan
Wade compression they're available
online and in select stores